This is the review document for LAPR.

    First, we would like to note that it was a project full of ups and downs.
The first sprint delayed us a lot and we had in the following sprints to amend what was not done correctly in the previous ones.

By sprints:

SPRINT A/B:

In sprint B we had a lot of difficulties as we had a member at the last minute and we didn't know each other at all before we were all on the same team.
We had a serious problem with the repository what forced us to create another in the last week and we lost some parts of the previous one.
In addition, we had an error that we could not resolve in the database that did not allow us to create tables, so we could not use persistence at all.
The user stories were all implemented (although some were only partially functional because of database problems) with the exception of the user story to
import the plant from the json file warehouse to java in which we had a lot of difficulties.
Despite this difficulties we manage to adopt all the methodology in LAPR and EAPLI classes.



SPRINT C:

In sprint C we felt that we all understood each other better and that we were already able to organize ourselves better.
We managed to get the database up and running as it was very important for the continuity of the project and we also corrected almost all of the issues
that were brought up by EAPLI teacher.
We made the grammar of LPROG although it was a bit confusing and complex, and the surveys were not verified.
In terms of RCOMP, practically half of the user stories were implemented and functional.
The presentation of this sprint was better but we still had issues that were persisting since Sprint 1 like the json file import (among others).
The teacher that was evaluating this sprints also verified that it was a lot better than the previous one.



SPRINT D:

In this sprint we still had a lot of difficulties since a lot of user stories were delayed or not totally implemented/functional.
In the first half of this sprint we focused on getting all the past user stories done or at least functional so we could implement all the user stories of this sprint.
Despite knowing that it would be difficult to have everything implemented, since the project was incremental, we had to carry out all the work that was left behind
so that it was possible to make all the new user stories with the requested criteria.
We finally managed to implement the json file import and it was fully functional and saving in the database.
LPROG's teacher asked us to change all the grammar since the one we had previously was very complex and it was difficult to validate the surveys that were created.
The new grammar is much better than the last one and is able to validate/parse several types of surveys like it was requested in Sprint C.
Despite our efforts we could not manage to implement both the LPROG user stories of this sprint because we had our hands full.
EAPLI's user stories are implemented but we cannot demonstrate them because our findByID method is not working although is identical to the eCafeteria project.
About RCOMP, the user stories that were implemented in sprint C were updated given the feedback of RCOMP's teacher and the new user stories of this sprint corresponding to the previous
one were fully implemented and with the new security and protection protocols carried out.




Although the project did not go the way we intended, we think we managed to overcome many difficulties. Practically all the user stories that were left behind were implemented and we feel
that if we had more time we could solve all the user stories of this last sprint. In terms of the group, we greatly improved the organization and cohesion of the group and we ended up
understanding each other quite well.















